Fish Tank
Will Dickinson
Section 04
Description of World:
My environment is a fish tank that contains crabs, clownfish, and sharks. The owners accidentally spilled some oil 
in a part of the tank too, so the specimens might have to swim through it.
World Exploration:
There are 8 different cameras in the environment. One overview camera from the top, four cameras for each cardinal direction, 
and 3 cameras that follow the 3 different organisms.

Steering Behavior Description
Flocking:
The flockers are the clownfish and they just wander about the aquarium on their daily routine. However, when they see another 
clownfish they want to say hi and form a flock.
Path Following:
The path following population is represented by the crabs. The crabs stick close to the ground as they can't swim, and they 
shuffle about from point to point trying to comb the sand for food. The path was designed to go over a few hills to demonstrate 
that they lock onto the terrain height.
Flow Field Following:
The sharks represent the flow field followers and the flow field is made using Perlin Noise to generate a continuous "flow". 
The sharks circle around in search of prey, but they aren't allowed to eat the other fish because that is against the rules.
Area(s) of Resistance:
The area of resistance is an oil spill in the southeast corner of the aquarium. The oil is transparent though, so if you don't 
have your debug goggles on, you won't be able to see it and will only be able to find it by the fish moving through it at a 
slower rate.

Resources
Resources used to guide steering algorithms:
Besides the in class lessons, I used the Nature of Code to guide the resistance code. My algorithm for drag is identical 
to the one used in the Nature of Code. However, I used a script of my own so that I can place the oil spill in the form of a
cube and it will adjust to the correct area.
Asset Resources:
Sand texture: https://naldzgraphics.net/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/20-smooth-beach-sand-seamless.jpg
The fish tank was made using Unity primitives.
All the models were made in Maya and textured using Paint.net by me.